"The leader becomes the least important in the case where you have a life-threatening situation for the whole army, then i guess he should sacrifice himself "
"Joanna, joanna, half my dick is in joanna! She wants to suck my banana!"
"Soldiers with depression are better than soldiers without depression because they aren't scared to die"
"BTW there's a test coming up after break from shm and electricity so you might want to sit down and watch me nail it *gets 20%*"
"Me, amadeusz and Jacob can have 4some with joanna since she has 3 holes"
"Wait, does Joanna want to suck your dick Amadeusz!? - antek XD"
"Joanna is romantic, but more of an erotic person"
"YOU'RE FAILING IB M8!!!"
"I have my triple J's, Joanna, Jacob, Joseph."
"1-1=0"
"The first beer is always really painful in the throat"
"Sex without sex is like water without water - antek"
"I didnt go to her cuz she didnt come"
"the world now is now really fast"
"it's a mathematical fact that I shaked their hands"
"Joanna doesnt show her love to me - antek 2017"
"I dropped a 3zl coin in the toilet and had to get it out"
"Joanna is just an undecided girl"
"I payed 12zl for the taxi, well ok it was 14zl"
"well OK yes I'd have babies with Joanna if she wanted to"
"IF YOU GAMBLE, YOU EITHER STOP OR CONTINUE!"
"I am good at gambling if I have more money"
"socialism is socialism"
"Like having that wireless headphone jack"
"And +"
"For math, i give in 50%of my full tryharding MAX"
"I'd cum in her face if she asked me to"
"There are 3 things that matter in life: money, brain, people, body"
"My grandma fucked some guy!"
"Thermal then is different than thermal now"
"I was only watching that porn cause jacob was watching it"
"After u see the computer screen u have to blink"
"I know geometry because i know what circle is"
"Emma has giant tits"
"I'd have sex with emma"
"Emma is cute"
"I rate Emma an 8/10"
"I'm not done with karolina's pussy"
"Josephs nose is priceless"
"Well revenge is sweet they say xD *tells ewelina amadeusz is smarter than him*"
"I only talk to Julia for the physical contact"
"It's just love m8"
"If you can't do 25 pushups, don't do 25 pushups"
"It smells of shit in the bathroom so that means I didn't fap"
"I only lost cuz i didnt know what cards u had"
"I only lost because I stopped wrestling"
"WAIT PAUSE I'LL GO TO THE BATHROOM! I PROMISE I'LL COME BACK"
"FUCK YOU GUYS! FUCK YOU!"
"Aha! so you're trying to make me fall!"
"I started saving money *looses all his money to bets*"
"Sciences are my main"
"I screw my cock on top like this"
"Don't you guys use carpets to fap?"
"My little Joseph"
"I misunderstood the concept"
"It was spontaneous"
"I malphrased"
"I miscalculated my abilities to make a snake game"
"You better unsrew that or I will kill you"
"Be careful for your ewelina"
"I certainly dont recall saying that, although i dont say for sure that i didnt"
"If I wanted to I could get Karolina's pussy"
"I didn't get kicked out, it was my choice to leave maths HL"
"I drank 25 shots (of fanta)"
"I was super drunk (on fanta)"
"I dont workout like amadeusz does"
"I got invited to 6 parties already - Antek 2017 (half were birthday parties)"
"I find her face not so ugly and she isnt fat although she doesnt have giant tits "
"Amadeusz, Louis, Maks, Kulis and 2 other guys in her class are going for Julia but she's not a slut, she's just undecided -.-"
"I did 2 good serves last year"
"I went down to silver 1 to rank up quicker cause too many smurfs in silver 2"
"I'll be gold in csgo by the end of this week"
"I fell from silver 5 to silver 1 because of the rank change"
"NICOLAS YOU FUCKING POO!"
"I CAN NOT POO!!"
"I'm str8 m8"
"I have a giant sausage"
"When it's hot in the oven get out of the kitchen"
"Hey, did you come from the oven? Cuz youre hot!"
"Anteks english logic: Vain --> Vein --> Blood -->Soldiers dying --> war --> this is a war poem"
"Halted abruptly due to the multitude of tasks i had this week * (gets a 3/65 on physics)"
"I will make minecraft over the weekend"
"Joseph is a cool guy"
"The defenition of traitor is broad...sometimes its...well traitor."
"The best strategy to attack someone is to attack from 4 sides"
"Like when you, like when you, that because like, well because, Nicolas support me"
"I like Emmas style and her moody climate attracted me + she's nice"
"Fact is, my dick is ginormous"
"I didnt try to open the door cuz i assumed it was closed"
"Emma's eyes are like an ocean of emotions awaiting to be released"
"You know how south is down? Well Slovakia is LITERALLY under Poland"
"I didn't lock the room because Jacob was outside"
"Jeez i lost to that FUCKING TRANS GIRL WHO WAS ON TESTOSTERONE"
"Amadeusz and I are brothers bound by blood"
"Oh well the gays are suffering there so we have to help"
"I ate hot buns with buttery butter everyday during the break"
"I get an erection when I see women and you can change it."
"Kill urself m8"